chore: cleanup dice game flow and tests (#52555)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-algorithmic-thinking-by-building-a-dice-game/657e1bfa4f1f5d7d5c14d43d.md

---
id: 657e1bfa4f1f5d7d5c14d43d
title: Step 76
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-76
---

# --description--

If the user did not get a `Full house` then the option for `None of the above` should be enabled with `0` points awarded. 

Below your `if` statement, call the `updateRadioOption` function and pass in the numbers `5` and `0` for the arguments.

# --hints--

> You should call the `updateRadioOption` function and pass in the numbers `5` and `0` for the arguments.
> 
> ```js
> assert.match(detectFullHouse.toString(), /updateRadioOption\s*\(\s*5\s*,\s*0\s*\)\s*;?/);
> ```

Reviewer: This should prevent people from adding `updateRadioOption(5, 0)` to the `if` statement, or somewhere else unexpected:

````suggestion
You should call the `updateRadioOption` function and pass in the numbers `5` and `0` for the arguments below your `if` statement.

```js
assert.match(code, /if\s*\(\s*hasThreeOfAKind\s*&&\s*hasPair\s*\)\s*{\s*updateRadioOption\s*\(\s*2\s*,\s*25\s*\)\s*;?\s*}\s*updateRadioOption\s*\(\s*5\s*,\s*0\s*\)\s*;?/);
```
````
